dispatcher in C via the use of an array of a functions's pointers


your function must be called ft_printf

Makefile will compile a libftprintf.an

allowed to use the functions write, malloc, free, exit


Mandatory part:

recode libc printf function
no buffer management in the printf function
You have to manage the following conversions: csp
You have to manage the following conversions: diouxX with the following flags hh, h, l , and ll
You have to manage the following conversion: f with the following flags : l and L
You must manage %%
You must manage the flags #0-+ and space
You must manage the minium field-width
You mus manage the precision
You must manage the flags hh, h, l, ll , j, and z //42 file checker checks for j and z


man 3 printf


d or i	Signed decimal integer													392
u	Unsigned decimal integer													7235
o	Unsigned octal																610
x	Unsigned hexadecimal integer												7fa
X	Unsigned hexadecimal integer (uppercase)									7FA
f	Decimal floating point, lowercase											392.65
F	Decimal floating point, uppercase											392.65
e	Scientific notation (mantissa/exponent), lowercase							3.9265e+2
E	Scientific notation (mantissa/exponent), uppercase							3.9265E+2
g	Use the shortest representation: %e or %f									392.65
G	Use the shortest representation: %E or %F									392.65
a	Hexadecimal floating point, lowercase										-0xc.90fep-2
A	Hexadecimal floating point, uppercase										-0XC.90FEP-2
c	Character																	a
s	String of characters														sample
p	Pointer address																b8000000
n	Nothing printed.
The corresponding argument must be a pointer to a signed int.
The number of characters written so far is stored in the pointed location.
%	A % followed by another % character will write a single % to the stream.	%


-	Left-justify within the given field width; Right justification is the default (see width sub-specifier).
+	Forces to preceed the result with a plus or minus sign (+ or -) even for positive numbers.
By default, only negative numbers are preceded with a - sign.
(space)	If no sign is going to be written, a blank space is inserted before the value.
#	Used with o, x or X specifiers the value is preceeded with 0, 0x or 0X respectively for values different than zero.
Used with a, A, e, E, f, F, g or G it forces the written output to contain a decimal point even if no more digits follow.
By default, if no digits follow, no decimal point is written.
0	Left-pads the number with zeroes (0) instead of spaces when padding is specified (see width sub-specifier).


(number)	Minimum number of characters to be printed. If the value to be printed is shorter than this number,
the result is padded with blank spaces. The value is not truncated even if the result is larger.
*	The width is not specified in the format string, but as an additional integer
value argument preceding the argument that has to be formatted.
